Sugita who has a win rate from now on this party win rate from now on
now
Over such blood against the people of that floral only
Although it Key points battered been losing personnel to father Lau Metagross
Video recording software has accumulated
It was amazing, but I think it was interesting as the content
Don't like air
Blue
It is impossible to stop Garura, so Garura can be climbed.
I'm sticking with a feeling that I do not feel like King Dora
wind it
what
It's
Hmm
I have no choice but to go
Let's go good
Shiira's elder sister is standing in front of Metagloss yeah windy
I thought it would be
Staff Shiira
I What a
I do not know well
In this case tight method Ise capacity
I am not someone
Pan
Selling children unexpected bend-breaking
It is was only Hiroko also bath sleepy to Kingudora
patch
Pan
Two
ok okiraki 0 b kiai on uon
You know the reason as you use with it if separately are gathered parking Dollar is
That hot club and the meaning first
Marilui has entered the end that can be defeated already, but the money is 63 awkward
Morro barrel should be earlier than expensive marine
If King at Garura came to processing
I file
Because it seems that the machine of the departure can fly while being able to endure-
I thought it was now walking to Mari
It was too early than Mari, but it is a ceremony right below in Hata Dance experience under the ground
Shuba
sleep
Temari sell the following turn processing
Day and the
Seriously Seriously
Kill me in the neighborhood
It's a poor king Dora's high dog
I mon was Do Ki Ya tight Who Chat
Is there already a definite rescue with focus in one place?
Certainly
Yes
Naa, it is a coin that seems to move
I won't wake up
I'm expecting to cut but I'll fall
Customer schedule
That's why it's processed
by strong
open
It is Once up to the top
Now 1800 still
I'm taking it when there are only 20 people
If the sub-ram is the sub-row because they ride anymore 1700
I think that I would like to let you know in the video, but I do not want to show the name of Sablon
is it's too much time to happen now
It's too late for lunch but
That year
Garuru is expensive because it looks like 2 patterns
Effective
Even if you dive in the high rate dome in that time zone
I thought I only knew about 1,500
Give
In Achinamini Saburo commentary in water cloud 3 installment of the now party to lower
I was able to pound straight with shear force too
I hate ok but I hate it
Mushroom service that'd say I think we are buying in ok ok lowercase blade price
Down to the nearest was Curran
It looks good with half
Let's do it
New hit
You should beat Land
Though my eyes did not have eyes
Which one was my eyes
Medabros
I picked up my head and came my eyes
A little
Protect it wanted to why say it look if I was not a woman wind
earthquake
Perhaps
I can do
Qi is unlikely the steel many times it would be good seed machine
resend
Not gymnastics
Delivery Ayabe gymnastics
Not endure this frog Oh
Only given
I thought it was a lunch but
Mushroom star faster
ok ok
I was a server three times because not doing floating this party
Mita of Foreign Minister other excellent fresh
If you try actually
later
It Is there the bottom of that Randorosu has its own 2 eyes of the counterpart of the cat Nde not only in Morobare
Say selfish
Landros earthquake in
But what's leaving
I now feel good with Thunder
I hate it
I 'm following
I'm using Suicune to defeat the tree
I so much
What kind of person who say run paint brush if you were not angry
Actually
If you don't give up on this, you'll fall off the barrel
Yup
Things are Leon but I can get in
It will be cool tonight
Thank you very much